cmsrel CMSSW_9_4_10
cd CMSSW_9_4_10/src
cmsenv
git cms-init

git cms-merge-topic cms-egamma:EgammaID_949
git cms-merge-topic cms-egamma:EgammaPostRecoTools_940

cd $CMSSW_BASE/src 

git cms-merge-topic cms-met:METFixEE2017_949_v2

git-cms-addpkg CommonTools/UtilAlgos/
git-cms-addpkg CommonTools/UtilAlgos/
git-cms-addpkg CondFormats/JetMETObjects
git-cms-addpkg DataFormats/Candidate/
git-cms-addpkg DataFormats/Common/   
git-cms-addpkg DataFormats/EgammaCandidates/
git-cms-addpkg DataFormats/HepMCCandidate/  
git-cms-addpkg DataFormats/Math/          
git-cms-addpkg DataFormats/PatCandidates/
git-cms-addpkg FWCore/Framework
git-cms-addpkg FWCore/ParameterSet
git-cms-addpkg FWCore/PluginManager
git-cms-addpkg FWCore/Utilities    
git-cms-addpkg GeneratorInterface/LHEInterface
git-cms-addpkg HLTrigger/HLTcore              
git-cms-addpkg JetMETCorrections/Algorithms
git-cms-addpkg JetMETCorrections/Modules   
git-cms-addpkg JetMETCorrections/Objects
git-cms-addpkg MuonAnalysis/MuonAssociators
git-cms-addpkg PhysicsTools/Heppy          
git-cms-addpkg PhysicsTools/PatAlgos
git-cms-addpkg PhysicsTools/PatExamples
git-cms-addpkg PhysicsTools/PatUtils   
git-cms-addpkg RecoEcal/EgammaCoreTools
git-cms-addpkg RecoEgamma/EgammaTools  
git-cms-addpkg SimDataFormats/JetMatching/

git clone https://github.com/menglu21/Ntuple.git VAJets
